On a lonely battlefield.... 
Amoor stood in his Red Bagle armor watching the enemy approach...
Two there were. gleeming in their dark blue armor...
Judging the wind while they approached, His muscles tensed, preparing for the battle ahead.
At 100m, Amoor hit his pack of thrust, skiing along the ground to meet his foe.
The distance closed..
70m
60m
50m
...all going by in the blink of an eye.
At 40m, when the enemy openned up with CHAIN on him, he disabled his SKI....
He felt his feet dig into the soft ground....
Pushing off with all of his strength, he vaulted in the air...
20m
With his momentum he started tumbling slowly through the air...
10m
Pulling out his CLAW, Three thick metal blades held together by a cross bar and wrist support and kept razor sharp, he pulled back with his arm for the strike....
5m
Viewing the world from upside down, Amoor was looking at the right sand raker eye to eye. he timed his swing.
0m
The CLAW dug into the armored gorget that encircled the soldier, Easily digging through to the flesh beneath.
-2m
What was left of the head folded backwards at an odd angle at the force of the blow. Spewing blood into the afternoon sun...
The resistance from the CLAW on armor and bone, ended the tumble with amoor right side up, and both feet firmly planted in the ground.
He turned quickly to see the companions black visor pointed in the direction of his mutilated comrad...
Amoor could feel the fear radiating from him
Withought thinking, Amoor dropped his Claw....
Reached behind his head...
And pulled out his bolt launcher, that was slinged acrossed his back....
The companion turned to look at Amoor....
Started to raise his own weapon....
Too late...
The thrum from Amoor's Bolt Launcher filled the air...
He watched as his Bolt flew towards the Enemy...
As it inpacted his head....
A Brilliant sun Flared for a heartbeat as the explosive in the Bolt ignited...
He did not see what happened, but he knew...
The Shockwave would shatter the armor surrounding the Rakers face....
A fraction of a second after that the Heat would boil away flesh and blood, even bone...
The force would send what was left away from him, as all his victims acted...
When he could see again, The bodies of the two Enemies were on their back's.
that was all he needed to mark up two confirmed's...
He headed back on his patrol, looking for more of the Shazbot's....
THE END